POP_C
=====

Real-time communication has evolved lightening fast in the last decade of internet age. When this is happening in the global scale usage of different languages  has become a real pain for developers of communication apps like Chat, IRC and etc.. Today there are 1000s of different languages used all around the world and new languages will be born in future. They are quite different from each other and keeping up with them will be hard. Unicode support of web browsers has given a partial solution for this problem. But how does it support different font styles and user preference over them? Does it allow the user to add custom styling over the fonts? What about other devices that do not support Unicode? How does a developer make sure that the fonts he is using are shown exactly the same irrespective of the device used by the end-user.

We came up with an innovative solution for this problem. POP_C is an API which takes a string and an array of user preference as inputs and transform the words of the string according to user preference. API will return a 'image/png' format image which makes sure that the content will not be deformed when displayed to user. Because the return type is an image no Unicode support nor Font file installation will be required. People from all over the world can create their own dictionaries which are using their native fonts and share it among their community. This way POP_C make sure people enjoy the text content without being affected by the device or the language they use.

